Q1.Differences between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
HTTP was developed by Timothy berners lee in 1989 as a communication standard for world wide web. HTTP is top level application protocol that exchanges information between computer and  local web server. In this process, a client sends a text based request to server by calling method like GET. in the response server will send HTML page to client. when we navigate to url, the web browser on computer sends an http request in forn of text based message. when we use get method it ask data from host server and returns an HTML page to client in addition with images,stylesheets etc.
http2 is SPDY protocol, developed primarily at google with intention of reducing page load latency by using techniques such as compression,multiplexing and prioritization. http2 is published in may 2015. it has supported by many browsers such as opera,chrome,internet explorerand safari.the conversion of messagesinto binary allows http2 to try new approaches data delivery which is not available in http1.1 http1.1 transfers plain text messages whereas http2 encodes these into binary. http/1.1 tries to optimize efficiency with its delivery model and the problems that come up from this, followed by the advantages of the binary framing layer of http/2 and a description of how it prioritizes requests.  
Q2.http version history
http/0.9-the online protocol: this is initial version of http- a simple client server, request response. response type: Hyper text only, only get method is supported, connection is terminated immediately after the response, no http readers,no urls and no versioning.
http/1.0: Its a browser friendly protocol. In this GET,HEAD,POST methods are supported. headers fields are provided,same as http0.9 connection is terminated immediately.
http/1.1: This version is common in use now. it supports more methods like GET,HEAD,POST,PUT,DELETE,TRACE,OPTIONS. connection is not terminated immediately.Introduced critical performance optimizations and feature enhancements — persistent and pipelined connections, chunked transfers, compression/decompression, content negotiations, virtual hosting  faster response and great bandwidth.
Q3 difference between browser console and node js
Node and web browsers, both executes JavaScript, but Node does that in server side and browsers in client side.Node uses the common js module system, while in browser we willsee ES modules standard being implemented.In the browser, most of the time what you are doing is interacting with the DOM, or other Web Platform APIs like Cookies. Those do not exist in Node.Another big difference is that in Node.js you control the environment. Unless you are building an open source application that anyone can deploy anywhere, you know which version of Node you will run the application on. Compared to the browser environment, where you don’t get the luxury to choose what browser your visitors will use, this is very convenient.
Q4 V8 engine
V8 is Google’s open source high-performance JavaScript and WebAssembly engine, written in C++. It is used in Chrome and in Node.js, among others.This engine follow the ECMAScript Standards. ECMAScript defines the standard for the scripting language. JavaScript is based on ECMAScript standards. These standards define how the language should work and what features it should have.
Q5what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?
when we enter a url in web browser first it will look for an IP address for domain name via DNS, then it will send HTTP request to server, the server sends back HTTP response next, the browser begins rendering the html, Once the page is loaded, the browser sends further async requests as needed.